responsible data addition (#330)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/guides/privacy/_index.md

---

> title: "Responsible Data"
> linkTitle: "Responsible Data"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Privacy"
linkTitle: "Privacy"
```

weight: 100
description: >

>   This series of guides is related to the Community Health Toolkit's committment to responsible data use, as well as a space for policies and templates to be shared with the broader community. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This series of guides is related to the Community Health Toolkit's commitment to responsible data use, as well as a space for policies and templates to be shared with the broader community. 
```

Reviewer: Reworded to match style of other descriptions
```suggestion
  Policies and templates for privacy and responsible data use 
```
